This package contains two ways to get an HTML summary of the todo.txt, done.txt
and report.txt files produced by Gina Trapani's excellent todo.txt
system(http://todotxt.com)

The first way is to run 'python todo/html.py' with python-2.3 or later.  This
will find the files referenced in your .todo file and produce a 'todo.html'
file in the current directory with a few tables describing their contents.  If
you have elementtree(http://effbot.org/zone/element-index.htm) installed it
will also produce a few svg graphs and include them in the html.  Just run the
command and open todo.html to see the results.  If you have elementtree
installed and would prefer not to see the svg, run 'python todo/html.py html'
instead.

The second way is to run 'python todo/server.py'.  This will start a little web
server on port 8080 that serves up the html and svg produced by the first
command.  This has the advantage of reading your todo files whenever you load
the page so you don't have to go through the two step process of running
'python todo/html.py' and opening the resulting file in a browser to get the
current status.  The server uses elementtree for svg, web.py(http://webpy.org)
to do the heavy http lifting, and beaker(http://beaker.groovie.org) for
sessions so you'll need to have all installed for it to work. You can set the
port of the server as an additional argument to the command.  'python
todo/server.py 1234' runs the server on port 1234.

Both methods use gradient.png and graph.css so this will work best if you run
the commands from the base directory of the distribution(ie where this README
file lives).

Let me know if you have any problems or suggestions.

Charlie Groves
charlie.groves@gmail.com
